{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Italic;
\f3\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green2\blue7;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13960\viewh21940\viewkind1\viewscale84
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 GENERAL PRESENTATIONAL ISSUES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 - Manuscripts need to be consistently hyperlinked in encyclopedia entries where digital version is available (these are given below)\
\cf2 - Should there be continuity in font across the site?\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - 'According to' formulation in the encyclopaedia entries should be changed to the more conventional 'by'\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf3 - The in-text references in the encyclopedia entries ([1], [2] etc.) do not link to the relevant endnotes \'96 is this possible? \
\cf2 - When you click on location pins on the map to display the pop up annotations on the visualisation, the annotation displays behind the timeline.\cf3 \
\cf2 - Could texts in the drop-down menu (within their categories) be listed in alphabetical order?\
- Could the heading \'91Alexander\'92 in the drop down menu be changed to \'91Alexander romances\'92\
\cf3 - There are a number of spacing errors in the encyclopedia entries \'96 we have tried to catch as many of these as possible, below, but more may remain.\
- Form of referencing digitised manuscripts and digital resources are standardised below.\
- Forms used for referencing manuscripts are standardised below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - All first letters of all words in titles in encyclopedia entries need to be capitalised.\
- \'91Fragment\'92 column needs to be deleted from all texts in database.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 - 
\f1\b0 Is there a way to delete the comment feature below the annotations?\cf3 \
- Is there another way to display the endnotes? The body of text here is a little overwhelming.\
\

\f0\b \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 FRONT PAGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \
About\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 1, rephrase so reads: \'91
\f0\b Crossing Borders charts the vernacular translation and transmission of texts in manuscript circulation across the 'Insular world',\'a0Britain, Ireland, Scandinavia and France, in the period c. 1200-1600.\'92
\f1\b0 \
Para. 2, line 2, cut \'91history\'92, so reads \'91romance and prophecy\'92.\
Para. 4, line 5, \'91a zone which we understand\'92 rather than \'91region\'92.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Insert in \'91With thanks to' section and before the logos:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Background map of north-western Europe\'a0from Dublin,\'a0National Library of Ireland, MS\'a0700, f. 48r. \'a0Reproduced with permission of the National Library of Ireland, Dublin.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Looking Forward [NOT FORWARDS!]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Capitalise \'91Insular\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Project team\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone University of Birmingham (NOT Birmingham University)\
University of Reading (NOT Reading University)\
Cut Aisling\'92s title\cf3 \
\
\cf2 Insert Humboldt logo from site, and University of Birmingham logo\cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 TEXTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \'91Mediterranean and North Africa\'92 (not North Africa and Asia)\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Prophecies of Merlin\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Para 2, line 2 \'96 missing comma and correction: \'91Given the complexity of this material, and its relationship to multiple Brut traditions, the Crossing Borders database is not exhaustive. Areas for further research are outlined in the conclusion.\'92 \'a0 \'a0\
Para 3, line 4 \'96 cut \'91appear to have\'92, so reads \'91and exercised similar\'85\'92\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \ul Anglo-Norman & Continental French Translations\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2, item 1 in list. Standardise form of manuscript reference: Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS fran\'e7ais 1717.\
Para 2, item 2 in list. Remove italics from \'91as found in\'92.\
Para 2, item 2 in list. Standardise form of manuscript reference: Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS fran\'e7ais 2806\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 2, item 2 in list, line six. Space missing after \'91courtly culture.\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 3, item 3 in list. Space missing between \'91mid-fifteenth-century\'92 and \'91
\f2\i Roman
\f1\i0 \'92. Standardise manuscript references: \'91Bruxelles, Biblioth\'e8que royale de Belgique MS 10415\'a0 and \'91London, British Library, MS Lansdowne 214\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Para 3, line 13: Hyperlink to 
\f2\i Prophecy of the Six Kings 
\f1\i0 entry\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Para 4: standardise form of manuscript references: \'91London, British Library, MS Royal 15.E.IV\'92 and \'91Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS 74-86\'92\
Para 4: standardise form of manuscript reference: \'91(Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS Nouv. Acq. Fr. 4166)\'92\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \
Old Norse- Icelandic Adaptive Translation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2 \'96 correct form of manuscript reference to \'91Copenhagen, Arnamagn\'e6an Institute, AM 573to (Hauksb\'f3k)\'92 \'96 but retain hyperlink\
Para 2, line 4, should read \'91same meter\'92 not \'91some meter\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 2, lines 6-7, cut sentence \'91\uc0\u8203 The prophecy is also mentioned in AM573 4to, but is not there given.\'92 \'a0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \
Welsh Translations\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 1 \'96 correction: \'91The earliest translations of the 
\f2\i Prophetiae
\f1\i0 \'92 [translations, not translation]\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 1, line \'96 standardise manuscript reference: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS 5266\'92.  Space needed between close of brackets and \'91is'\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 1, line 4 \'96 Lines 3-4:\'a0 \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4533649%22%20%5Cl%20%22?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=0&xywh=-292,-172,3303,3437"}}{\fldrslt \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 16}}\'92. There should be no space between \'9116\'92 and comma\
\
Para 2, line 4 \'96 space needed between \'91which appear\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 2, line 6: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS 3041\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 2, line 6 \'96 space needed after comma following \'91historiographical tradition\'92 before \'91are referred to\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 2, line 8: \'a0\'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.l"}}{\fldrslt \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 54 i}}\'92 \
Para 2, line 8 \'96 insert space between \'91see\'92 and \'91Prophecy\'92. Hyperlink to 
\f2\i Prophecy of the Six Kings 
\f1\i0 entry. \'91See\'92 should not be in bold. There also appears to be an additional space between \'91Kings\'92 and the closed bracket.\cf3 \
\
\cf2 Standardise forms of manuscript reference in list that follows:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS 5266 (Brut Dingestow)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa100\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/%22%20%5Cl%20%22/?p=c+0,t+,rsrs+0,rsps+10,fa+,so+ox:sort%5Easc,scids+,pid+9bf187bf-f862-4453-bc4f-851f6d3948af,vi+b704febf-c9c4-4f23-8312-cb7cd67ef6c6"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Oxford, Jesus College, MS 111 (Red Book of Hergest)}}\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa100\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4396654%22%20%5Cl%20%22?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=0&xywh=-583,-222,4260,4433"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 23}}\
London, British Library, MS Cotton Cleopatra B. v\
Cardiff, Cardiff City Library, MS 1. 363 (Hafod MS 2)\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa100\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4575404%22%20%5Cl%20%22?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=0&xywh=-290,-142,2710,2820"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 45}}\'a0(transcription of\'a0
\f2\i Prophetiae
\f1\i0 \'a0begins on p. 143)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa100\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vie"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 46}}\'a0(begins on p. 200)\
Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 19 (begins on fol. 59v)\
Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS 3035 (Mostyn MS 116) (begins on fol. 81v)\
Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS 3036 (Mostyn MS 117) (begins on p. 139)\
Cardiff, Cardiff City Library, MS 1. 3. 62 (Hafod MS 2) (begins on fol. 53r)\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Para 3 (immediately following list): \'91found in London, British Library, MS Additional 19709\'92 (cut \'91the\'92 and standardise manuscript reference).\cf3 \
\
Para 4, lines 1-2 \'96 \'91the inclusion of the 
\f2\i Prophetiae 
\f1\i0 is not consistent\'92\
\cf2 Para 4, line 2 \'96 space needs to be removed between 
\f2\i Brutiau 
\f1\i0 and full stop.\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 4, line 2 \'96 correct manuscript reference: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Llanstephan 163\'92\cf3 \
Para 4, line 3: \'91London, British Library, MS Additional 19710\'92\'a0\
\cf2 Para 4, line 3 \'96 space needs to be removed between 
\f2\i Historia 
\f1\i0 and full stop.\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 4, lines 3-4: \'91Abersytwyth, National Library of Wales, MSS Peniarth 26,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4686929%22%20%5Cl%20%22?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=0&xywh=-216,-142,2717,2827"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul 50}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4781774"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul 58}}\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 4, line 4 \'96 space needs to be removed between 
\f2\i Brutiau 
\f1\i0 and full stop.\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 4, line 5 \'96 \'91stemma\'92 not \'91stemmata\'92\cf3 \
\
\cf2 Para 5, line 2: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4779552"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 47 ii}}\'92\'a0\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 5, line 4 \'96 remove space between 58 and comma\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 5, penultimate line: \'91including the prophecies\'92 (should not be capitalised or italicised). Remove space before closed brackets.\
\
Para 6, line 2: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4575050%22%20%5Cl%20%22?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=155&xywh=0,-719,2867,4419"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 14 b}}\'92\
Para 6, line 2 \'96 \'91see also\'92 should not be in bold. Hyperlink to 
\f2\i Assumption of Mary 
\f1\i0 entry.\cf3 \
\cf2 \
Para 7, line 2 \'96 cut \'91MSS\'92 so reads: \'91Peniarth 26 and 50\'92\
Para 7, line 2 \'96 \'91see\'92 should not be in bold. Hyperlink to 
\f2\i Prophecy of the Six Kings. 
\f1\i0 Remove space between \'91Kings\'92 and closed bracket. Remove space between 58 and full stop.\
Para 7, penultimate line \'96 insert space between 50 and \'91might\'92.\
\
Para 8, line 1 \'96 \'91This is not to say that the 
\f2\i Prophetiae 
\f1\i0 was understood as a foreign import\'92 [NOT important!!!!]. Also remove space between 
\f2\i Brut 
\f1\i0 and comma.\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 8, line 3 \'96 remove space between Hergest and comma; and insert space between \'91of\'92 and \'91Fychan\'92.\cf3 \
\
\cf2 Para 9, line 2 \'96 \'91first and foremost\'92[Not fore and foremost]\
Para 9, line 3, remove comma after \'91Cleopatra B. V\'92\
Para 9, line 4, insert space between \'91literary\'92 and \'91production\'92. Remove space between 
\f2\i Brutiau 
\f1\i0 and full stop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf3 \ul English Translation and Commentary\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2, penultimate line \'96 
\f2\i Six Kings 
\f1\i0 [not King]\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 3, line 3 \'96 cut space between \'91Brut\'92 and comma.\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 3, line 9 \'96 insert space between closed bracket and \'91was\'92, but also correct sentence: \uc0\u8203 \'91If the latter, the relevant part of the 
\f2\i Prophetiae
\f1\i0  (excluding the career of Arthur) was understood to begin with the establishment of the Heptarchy and the first Christian Saxon kings.\'92 [excluding, not including]\
Para 4, line 4 \'96 remove space between 
\f2\i Prophetiae 
\f1\i0 and closed brackets\
Para 4, line 11 \'96 Correction: \'91However, this is not mentioned by the commentator\'92\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Conclusion\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 3 \'96 insert space between \'91material\'92 and \'91had\'92\
Para 2, line 2 \'96 bracket after 2 rather than colon, so \'912)\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 Leave blank line before \'91EDITIONS\'92\cf3 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Editions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Space needed between \'91ed\'92 and 
\f2\i \'91Merlinusspa
\f1\i0 \'92. 
\f2\i Hauksbok 
\f1\i0 should be one word. This formatting error is also in endnote 7.\cf3 \
\cf2 Evans, 
\f2\i Report on Manuscripts: 
\f1\i0 cut \'913 vols\'92 after date\
Insert space between \'91and\'92 \'91Clara Wille\'92\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Endnotes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone EN 11: Correct website citation form: \
William Llewelyn Davies, \'91Jones, John (born c. 1578-1593, died 1658?),\'a0
\f2\i Y Bywgraffiadur Cymreig
\f1\i0 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://biography.wales/article/s-JONE-JOH-1578"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://biography.wales/article/s-JONE-JOH-1578}}\'a0[accessed 26/6/2019]\
EN 30: \'91For an account of these historiographical allusions\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \ul DIGITAL RESOURCES\cf2 \ulnone  \
Luft, Diana, Peter W. Thomas, and D. M. Smith, ed. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rhyddiaithganoloesol.caerdydd.ac.uk"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Rhyddiaith Gymraeg 1300-1425}} (University of Cardiff, 2013) [accessed 4/8/2019]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \ul DIGITISED MANUSCRIPTS\cf2 \ulnone  \
Bodleian Libraries, University of Oxford, Digital Bodleian, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/%20"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
National Library of Wales, Collections Online: Peniarth Manuscripts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.library.wales/collections/learn-more/introduction0/llawysgrifaupeniarth/%20"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://www.library.wales/collections/learn-more/introduction0/llawysgrifaupeniarth/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
University of Copenhagen, Digitation of Hauksb\'f3k, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.e-pages.dk/ku/635/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://www.e-pages.dk/ku/635/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\
\
\
Fierabras \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \cf3 \'a5\cf2 	
\f0\b\fs24 The earliest manuscript,Leuven, Univ. Bibl., MS G.170, ff. 53-130 (the Firmin Didot MS),dated from the second half [
\f1\b0 CORRECTION:
\f0\b \'a0
\f1\b0 insert\'a0space after comma before\'a0
\f0\b Leuven
\f1\b0 \'a0and another space after comma and before\'a0
\f0\b dated
\f1\b0 ]\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \cf2 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 The latter year represents a terminus\'a0ad quo for the draft\'a0
\f1\b0 \'a0[CORRECTION:\'a0change \'91ad\'92 to \'91a\'92, i.e.\'a0
\f0\b terminus a quo
\f1\b0 ]\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 is a prose translation of JeanBaignon\'92sFrench prose
\f1\b0 \'a0[CORRECTION:\'a0space between\'a0
\f0\b Jean\'a0
\f1\b0 and\'a0
\f0\b Baignon
\f1\b0 ]\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 Baignon\'92scentral source\'a0
\f1\b0 [CORRECTION:\'a0space between\'a0
\f0\b Baignon\'92s
\f1\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\f0\b central]
\f1\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 In three of the surviving manuscripts, Egerton 1781,King\'92s Inns 10
\f1\b0 \'a0[CORRECTION:
\f0\b \'a0
\f1\b0 space after comma and before\'a0
\f0\b King\'92s
\f1\b0 ]\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 when David Aubert and JeanBaignon incorporated the story into their Charlemagne histories\'a0
\f1\b0 [CORRECTION:\'a0space between\'a0
\f0\b Jean
\f1\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\f0\b Baignon
\f1\b0 ]\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 Herrtage, S. J. H., The Lyf of the Noble and Crysten Prynce, Charles the Grete , 2 vols. EETS ES 36\'967 (London:
\f4\i \'a0Tr\'fcbner,
\f0\i0 \'a01880\'961)\'a0
\f1\b0 [CORRECTION:\'a0no italics in\'a0
\f0\b Tr\'fcbner
\f1\b0 ]\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 Endnote 11:
\f1\b0 \'a0first two words\'a0
\f0\b There is\'a0
\f1\b0 should not be italicised\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 Endnote 28:
\f1\b0 \'a0complete to give the following note:\'a0
\f0\b On the treatment of Charlemagne texts in the late middle ages, see Donald Bullough, \'91Recycling Charlemagne in the Fifteenth Century, North and South\'92, Early Medieval Europe , 3 (2003), 389\'96397.
\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Intro\
\cf2 Para 2, final line, should read: \'91London, British Library, MS Royal 15 E. vi\'92\
\cf3 \
Anglo-Norman Versions\
para 2, line 8: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bl.uk/catalogues/illuminatedmanuscripts/record.asp?MSID=6654"}}{\fldrslt \ul \'91London, British Library, MS Egerton 1781\'92}}\
\
Middle English Versions\
\cf2 Para 1, line 3: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22http:"}}{\fldrslt \ul \'91Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Ashmole 33\'92}}\
para 1, line 8: \'91London, British Library, MS Additional 37492\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 para 2, line 2: \'91Princeton, University Library, MS Garrett 140\'92	\cf3 \
\cf2 3\super rd\nosupersub  line from end of para: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.isos.dias.ie/master.html?https://www.isos.dias.ie/libraries/RIA/english/ria_menu.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul Dublin, Royal Irish Academy, MS 23 0 48\'92}}\
Penultimate line of para: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.isos.dias.ie/master.html?https://www.isos.dias.ie/libraries/RIA/english/ria_menu.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul Dublin, Royal Irish Academy, MS 24 P 25\'92}} \
Last line of para: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.isos.dias.ie/master.html?https://www.isos.dias.ie/libraries/KINGS/english/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul Dublin, King\'92s Inn, MS 10\'92}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Early Modern Irish Version\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2, lines 8-9: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://image.ox.ac.uk/show?collection=bodleian&manuscript=mslaudmisc610"}}{\fldrslt \ul Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Laud Misc. 610\'92}}\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul DIGITAL RESOURCES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \uc0\u8203 For an account of the transmission and translation of works about Charlemagne, see University of Bristol, Charlemagne: A European Icon, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.charlemagne-icon.ac.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.charlemagne-icon.ac.uk/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \ul DIGITISED MANUSCRIPTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \ulnone Bodleian Library, University of Oxford, Medieval Romance, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://medievalromance.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://medievalromance.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Bodleian Libraries, University of Oxford, Digital Bodleian, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
British Library, Catalogue of Illuminated Manuscripts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bl.uk/catalogues/illuminatedmanuscripts/welcome.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.bl.uk/catalogues/illuminatedmanuscripts/welcome.html}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf4 ISOS, DIAS, Irish Script on Screen, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.is"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.isos.dias.ie/english/index2.html}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 DIFFERENT FORMAT\cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Alexander\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Could the heading here be changed to \'91Alexander Romances: Translation and Transmission\'92 \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Alexander in Later Medieval England\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone Middle English quotation should not be double spaced, and should be inset.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Para 2: remove possessive apostrophe from Advocates.\cf3 \
For \'91Alexander in Scotland\'92 section, para 5, manuscript reference running from line 1 to 2 should include hyperlink to Bodley 264: \'91Most interestingly, \'85.({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Bodley 264}})\'92\
\
Insert the following section and associated endnotes under the subheading \'91Alexander in medieval Ireland\'92 before the section entitled \'93Alexander in later medieval England\'94\

\f0\b \cf2 Alexander in medieval Ireland\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 An Irish Alexander\'a0compilation, 
\f2\i Sc\'e9la Alaxandair
\f1\i0  is found in the Book of Ballymote (Dublin, Royal Irish Academy MS 23 P 12), the Leabhar Breac (Dublin, Royal Irish Academy MS 23 P 16), and Oxford, Bodleian Library, Rawlinson\'a0MS\'a0B 512. Unlike so many Alexander texts, this work is not derived from the 
\f2\i Historia de preliis
\f1\i0 , but from a range of other Latin sources, including Orosius, 
\f2\i Epistola Alexandri ad Aristotelem
\f1\i0  and 
\f2\i Collatio Alexandri cum Dindimo.
\f1\i0  Since it stands apart from the romance tradition of texts and has traditionally been dated to the Middle Irish period (c. 900-c.1200), 
\f2\i Sc\'e9la Alaxandair
\f1\i0  has not been included in the database. However, it is possible that it may be later and that its translator employed consciously archaic prose. U\'e1it\'e9ar Mac Gearailt highlights some evidence that the surviving fifteenth-century copies could\'a0descend from a common source of the fourteenth or possibly the thirteenth century, but notes that further work is required before any conclusions can be reached on this question.\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Leave blank line before \'91Editions\'92, which should be capitalised as \'91EDITIONS\'92\
Cut colons after Language titles.\cf3 \

\f0\b \cf2 \'91Octosyllabic Alexander\'92 
\f1\b0 should be in bold.\

\f0\b \'91Scottish Texts Alluding to Alexander\'92 
\f1\b0 should be in bold\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul DIGITISED MANUSCRIPTS\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Bodleian Libraries, University of Oxford, Digital Bodleian, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22https://"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \ul \
\
WORKS CITED\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \ulnone Space needs to be inserted consistently after \'91pp\'92\cf3 \
\
\cf2 Space between place of publication and publisher for Ross entry.\cf3 \
\
\cf2 Space between closed bracket and pp for Salanha entry.\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul ENDNOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 EN 6: access date should read in form: \'91[accessed 17/6/2019]\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 EN 37: \'91\uc0\u8203 Hary, Hary\'92s Wallace (Vitae Nobilissimo Defensoris Scotie Wilelmi Wallace Militis), ed. M.P. McDiarmid, 2 vols (Edinburgh and London: William Blackwood & Sons, 1968-69). See Book XI.341-44, and Book VI.516-26 and Book VIII.314, 380, where Hary shows knowledge of the French Roman d\'92Alexandre. Hary\'92s Wallace survives in Edinburgh, National Library of Scotland, MS Advocates 19.2.2 (2) (copied c. 1488). The manuscript is available digitally on through National Library of Scotland, Early Scottish Manuscripts,\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.nls.uk/early-scottish-manuscripts/archive/75517337#?c"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://digital.nls.uk/early-scottish-manuscripts/archive/75517337#?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=0&xywh=-1402%2C-180%2C5303%2C3583}} [accessed 6/5/2019]. It was originally copied alongside Barbour\'92s Bruce , but the two manuscripts are now separate. See further: Emily Wingfield, \'91The Manuscript and Print Contexts of Barbour\'92s Bruce \'92, in Barbour\'92s \'91Bruce\'92 and its Cultural Contexts, ed. S. Boardman and S. Foran (Cambridge: Brewer, 2015), pp. 33-50.\'92\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 EN 49. If possible, cut EN, and include hyperlink to manuscript in body of text.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\uc0\u8203 EN 54. For catalogue entry, see British Library Online, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://searcharchives.bl.uk/primo_library/libweb/action/display.do?tabs=detailsTab&ct=display&fn=search&doc=IAMS032-002092576&indx=1&recIds=IAMS032-002092576&recIdxs=0&elementId=0&renderMo"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul http://searcharchives.bl.uk/primo_library/libweb/action/display.do?tabs=detailsTab&ct=display&fn=search&doc=IAMS032-002092576&indx=1&recIds=IAMS032-002092576&recIdxs=0&elementId=0&renderMode=poppedOut&displayMode=full&frbrVersion=&dscnt=0&frbg=&scp.scps=scope%3A%28BL%29&tab=local&dstmp=1489408992938&srt=rank&mode=Basic&&dum=true&vl%28freeText0%29=40732&vid=IAMS_VU2}} [accessed 6/5/2019]\
\
\uc0\u8203 \'a0\u8232 EN 55. For catalogue entry, see British Library Online, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://catalogue.nrscotland.gov.uk/nrsonlinecatalogue/details.aspx?reference=GD112%2f71%2f9&st=1&tc=y&tl=n&tn=n&tp=n&k=&ko=a&r=GD112%2f71%2f9&ro=s&df=&dt=&di=y"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul http://catalogue.nrscotland.gov.uk/nrsonlinecatalogue/details.aspx?reference=GD112%2f71%2f9&st=1&tc=y&tl=n&tn=n&tp=n&k=&ko=a&r=GD112%2f71%2f9&ro=s&df=&dt=&di=y}} [accessed 6/5/2019]\cf3 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \'a0\u8232 \u8232 \'a0\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Bevis\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \cf2 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 A much more substantial portion of the work was preserved in Leuven, Univ. Bibl., MS G.170, ff. 53-130 (the Firmin Didot MS),also\'a0
\f1\b0 [CORRECTION:\'a0space after comma that follows brackets and before
\f0\b also]
\f1\b0 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 The final manuscript, Paris, Bibliotheque Nationale, MS nouv. acq. Fr 4532, dates from the first half of the fourteenth manuscript.
\f1\b0 \'a0[CORRECTION:\'a0replace final word in sentence,\'a0
\f0\b manuscript,\'a0
\f1\b0 with\'a0
\f0\b century
\f1\b0 ]\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \cf3 \'a5\cf2 	
\f0\b\fs24 The considerable popularity of the Anglo-Norman Boeve de Haumtone , both in the insular world
\f1\b0 [CORRECTION:\'a0close gap before comma\'a0after\'a0
\f0\b Haumtone]
\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5\cf2 	
\f0\b\fs24 Robinson, F. N., ed., \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ucc.ie/celt/published/T306000/index.html%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank"}}{\fldrslt \ul The Irish Lives of Guy of Warwick and Bevis of Hampton}}\'92,Zeitschrift
\f1\b0 \'a0[CORRECTION:\'a0insert\'a0space before\'a0
\f0\b Zeitschrift]
\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \'a5\cf2 	
\f0\b\fs24 Abbott, T. K, and E. J. Gwynn, Catalogue of the Irish Manuscripts in the Library of Trinity College Dublin .\'a0
\f1\b0 (Dublin [CORRECTION:\'a0delete full stop before bracket]\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs20 \cf2 \'a5	
\f0\b\fs24 Endnote\'a03 Albert Stimming, ed., Der anglonormannische Boeve de Haumtone , Bibliotheca Normannica 7\'a0
\f1\b0 [CORRECTION:\'a0close space after\'a0
\f0\b Haumtone
\f1\b0 \'a0and before comma]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
Insert hyperlinks and standardise manuscript reference forms:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \ul Anglo-Norman Version\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 7: \'91Leuven, Universiteitsbibliotheek, MS G.170\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 1, lines 10-11: \'91Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS nouvelle acqusitions fran\'e7ais 4532\'92\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \ul Old-Norse Icelandic Version\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2, lines 1-2: \uc0\u8203 \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://handrit.is/en/manu"}}{\fldrslt \ul Copenhagen, Arnamagn\'e6an Institute, AM 567 II 4to}}\'92 \'a0 \'a0\
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Welsh Version\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2, line 1: \'91the Red Book of Hergest ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://image.ox.ac.uk/show?collection=jesus&manu"}}{\fldrslt \ul Jesus College Cambridge, MS 111}})\
Para 2, line 2: \'91the White Book of Rhydderch ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ll"}}{\fldrslt \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 5}})\'92\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Irish Version\ulnone \
Para 1, line 6: \'91Cambridge, University Library, MS Ff 2. 38\'92\
Para 1, line 7: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://enriqueta.man.ac.uk/luna/servlet/detail/Man4MedievalVC~4~4~466340~116157:Upper-cover-binding?qvq=q:mun.a.6.31&mi=0&trs=769"}}{\fldrslt \ul Manchester, Chethams, MS 8009\'92}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 EDITIONS (capitalise first letters of all words in titles)\cf3 \
\
Anglo-Norman Versions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Edition missing: \
\cf2 Weiss, Judith, transl. 
\f2\i Boeve de Haumtone and Gui de Warewic: Two Anglo-Norman Romances
\f1\i0  (Tempe, Ariz. : Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 2008)\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Welsh Version:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 comma needed (not second full stop) after \'91Watkin, Morgan, ed.\'92\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 DIGITAL RESOURCES\
Handrit.is, National and University Library of Iceland (2009-2019), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://handrit/is./"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://handrit/is./}} [accessed 4/8/2019] \cf3 \
\
DIGITISED MANUSCRIPTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Bodleian Libraries, University of Oxford, Digital Bodleian, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
Edinburgh, National Library of Scotland, MS Advocates 19.2.1 (Auchinleck Manuscript), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://auchinleck.nls.uk"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://auchinleck.nls.uk}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
National Library of Wales, Collections Online: Peniarth Manuscripts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.library.wales/collections/le"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.library.wales/collections/learn-more/introduction0/llawysgrifaupeniarth/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
University of Manchester, Medieval Collection, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://luna.manchester.ac.uk/luna/servlet/Man4MedievalVC~4~4%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://luna.manchester.ac.uk/luna/servlet/Man4MedievalVC~4~4}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Prophecy of the Six Kings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Para 1, line 4 \'96 insert hyperlink to entry for 
\f2\i Prophecies of Merlin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 Para 1, line 5 \'96 insert space between \'91the\'92 and \'91
\f2\i Six Kings
\f1\i0 \'92\cf3 \
\
\cf2 Para 2, list \'96 insert space after 2, 5, 7 and 8. Remove space between \'91
\f2\i Brut\'92 
\f1\i0 and comma; and between 
\f2\i English Prose Version 
\f1\i0 and comma. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 Para 3, line 8 \'96 cut allusion to \'91Imagining Histories\'92 (this project is not currently accessible), so delete everything in sentence after \'91Matheson\'92. Delete space between 
\f2\i Brut 
\f1\i0 and comma.\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul French & Continental Transmission History\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Line 4 \'96 spacing around full stop is odd. Full stop also appears to be in bold.\cf3 \
\cf2 Line 9 \'96 standardise MS reference, so reads: \'91London, British Library, MS Harley 746, f. 2r\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Line 10 \'96 standardise MS reference & add hyperlink, so reads \uc0\u8203 \'91\cf2 \ul Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS fran\'e7ais 12155\'92.\cf3 \ulnone \
Lines 14-15 \'96 standardise MS reference, so reads \'91Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS fran\'e7ais 74-85\'92\
\cf2 Penultimate line \'96 correct, and amend spaces in line: \'91Geoffrey\'92s 
\f2\i Historia 
\f1\i0 and 
\f2\i Prophetiae
\f1\i0 \'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Welsh Translation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Line 3: spacing around full stop.\
Line 4: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 50\'92\
Line 5: insert space between \'91both\'92 \'91in\'92\
Line 11:\'a0\'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viewer.library.wales/4389453%22%20%5Cl%20%22?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=0&xywh=-352,-182,3494,3636"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 54 i}}\'92\cf3 \
Line 14: Insert hyperlink to 
\f2\i Prophecies of Merlin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul English Language Composition/Combining in Wales\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Line 2: endnote 16 should not be in bold and italicised.\cf3 \
\cf2 Line 4: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 26\'92\
Line 5: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 94\'92\cf3 \
\cf2 Middle English quotation should not be double spaced\cf3 , and should be inset.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul The Latin Translation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 5, insert space after comma; and in line 6, insert space after full stop.\
Para 2, line 1: \'91Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Bodley 623\'92\
Para 3, line 2: \'91London, British Library, MS Cotton Vespasian E. vii\'92\'a0\
Para 3, line 5: \'91Bodley 623\'92, not Bodleian 623.\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \
Conclusion\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Correction to final sentence of para 1:\
\'91\'85\uc0\u8203 imperial imaginings, its function as an elite language was shared in Wales with Welsh, and potentially English, and we might note that in the context of the 
\f2\i Brut
\f1\i0 , the prophecy found an aristocratic, or even royal, readership in French.\'92\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \
Editions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone Leave blank line following conclusion before this. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul Digital Resources \ulnone [should now only include]\
Mooney, Linne R., Daniel W. Mosser, and Elizabeth Solopova, ed., Digital Index of Middle English Verse, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dimev.net/record.php?recID=122"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.dimev.net/record.php?recID=122}} [accessed 4/8/2019]
\f2\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ul Digitised Manuscripts\ulnone  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, BNF Gallica, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bnf.fr/fr"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.bnf.fr/fr}} [accessed 4/8/2019] \
Bodleian Libraries, University of Oxford, Digital Bodleian, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
National Library of Wales, Collections Online: Peniarth Manuscripts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.library.wales/collections/learn-more/introduction0/llawysgrifaupeniarth/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.library.wales/collections/learn-more/introduction0/llawysgrifaupeniarth/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Endnotes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone EN 3 \'96 insert space between page numbers and bracketed manuscript reference.\cf3 \
\cf2 EN 4 \'96 insert space before page numbers\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\
Assumption of the Virgin Mary\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Correct date given for Llanstephan 27 to \'91c. 1400\'92 [this also needs to be done in database]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \ul Middle & Early Modern Welsh Translations\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, lines 1-2, hyperlink to Peniarth 14 at first mention of manuscript, so reads: \'91The composite manuscript {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hdl.handle.net/10107/4575050"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 14 i}} (s. xiii\cf2 \super 2\cf2 \nosupersub ) [Superscript the 2]\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 1, line 3, hyperlink to Peniarth 5 at first mention of manuscript, with corrections, so reads: \'91The same integration is also found in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hdl.handle.net/10107/4682879"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 5}} (s. xiii\cf2 \super 2\cf2 \nosupersub ) [Note that the 2 needs to be in superscript].\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 2, line 1, hyperlink at first reference to \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/p/b97f227a-a3d6-4430-8f43-e9954e96dc05"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Oxford, Jesus College MS 119}}\'92\
Para 3, line 1, correct reference and insert hyperlink, so reads: \'91The texts in Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MSS 5267, Peniarth 15 and \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hdl.handle.net/10107/4574931"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Peniarth 27 iii}}\'85\'92\
Para 4, line 1, \'91Peniarth 14 si\'92 should read \'91Peniarth 14 i\'92\
Para 4, lines 5-6: \'91Paris,Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS lat 3522\'92 and \'91Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS lat 4974\'92\cf3 \
P\cf2 ara 5, line 2, insert hyperlink: \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hdl.handle.net/10107/4392801%20%3e"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 182\'92}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul Irish Translation & Transmission\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 4, insert hyperlink at \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/p/cb909a51-5acd-4fee-95ec-51ff09b87676"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Laud Msc. 610\'92}}\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Old & Middle English Translations\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 2, insert hyperlink at \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://parker.stanford.edu/parker/catalog/qd527zm3425"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Corpus Christi College Cambridge, MS 41\'92}}\
Para 1, line 4, insert hyperlink at \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://parker.stanford.edu/parker/catalog/fh878gz0315"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Corpus Christ College Cambridge, MS 198}}\'92\
Para 2, line 1, correct reference form: \'91Oxford, All Soul\'92s College, MS 26\'92\
Para 3, in list of manuscripts, at \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://luna.manchester.ac.uk/luna/servlet/view/search?q=Chetham's+MS+Mun.A.6.31&search=SUBMIT&QuickSearchA=QuickSearchA&sort=reference_number,image_sequence_number,parent_work_title,date_created&pgs=50&res=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Chetham Library, MS 8009\'92}}\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \
Old Norse-Icelandic Translation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 2, insert hyperlink at \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://handrit.is/en/manuscript/view/da/AM02-232"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Copenhagen, Arnamagn\'e6an Institute, AM 232 fol}}\'92.\
Leave a blank line between Conclusion and \'91Editions\'92\
Correction: \'91Von Tischendorf, Constantine\'92. \'91
\f2\i supplementis
\f1\i0 \'92. No full stop needed between Mendelson and date.\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul DIGITAL RESOURCES\ulnone  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Mooney, Linne R., Daniel W. Mosser, and Elizabeth Solopova, ed., Digital Index of Middle English Verse,
\f2\i  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dimev.net/record.php?recID=122%20%20"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i0 \cf2 \ul https://www.dimev.net/record.php?recID=122
\f2\i  }}
\f1\i0 [accessed 4/8/2019]
\f2\i \cf3 \

\f1\i0 \cf2 Luft, Diana, Peter W. Thomas, and D. M. Smith, ed. Rhyddiaith Gymraeg 1300-1425, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rhyddiaithganoloesol.caerdydd.ac.uk/%20"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul http://www.rhyddiaithganoloesol.caerdydd.ac.uk/}}
\f2\i  
\f1\i0 (University of Cardiff, 2013) [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf3 \ul DIGITISED MANUSCRIPTS\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Bodleian Libraries, University of Oxford, Digital Bodleian, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://digital.bodleian.ox.ac.uk/inquire/Discover/Search/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
National Library of Wales, Collections Online: Peniarth Manuscripts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.library.wales/collections/learn-more/introduction0/llawysgrifaupeniarth/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.library.wales/collections/learn-more/introduction0/llawysgrifaupeniarth/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
Parker Library on the Web, Manuscripts in the Parker Library at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://parker.stanford.edu/parker/catalog/qd527zm3425"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://parker.stanford.edu/parker/catalog/qd527zm3425}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
University of Manchester, Medieval Collection, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://luna.manchester.ac.uk/luna/servlet/Man4MedievalVC~4~4%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://luna.manchester.ac.uk/luna/servlet/Man4MedievalVC~4~4}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul WORKS CITED
\f0\b \ulnone  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \uc0\u8203 Correction to citation format:\u8232 \cf4 Looker, R., \'91HUW PENNANT (\'91Syr\'92)\'92, 
\f2\i Dictionary of Welsh Biography
\f1\i0  (1959), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://biography.wales/article/s-HUW0-PEN-1450%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://biography.wales/article/s-HUW0-PEN-1450}} [accessed 8/8/2019]\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul END NOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone EN 8 [Spacing and citation style]: \uc0\u8203 \'91 Published by Gwenan Jones, \'91Gwyrthyeu y Wynvydedic Veir\'92, Bulletin of the Board of Celtic Studies 10 (1939): 21-33 (pp. 29-32). See also Graham R. Isaac et al, Rhyddiaith Gymraeg o Lawysgrifau'r 13eg Ganrif/13th-century Welsh Prose Manuscripts(Aberystwyth, 2013), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cadair.aber.ac.uk/dspace/handle/2160/11163"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul http://cadair.aber.ac.uk/dspace/handle/2160/11163}} [accessed 29/6/2019]. \'a0 \'a0\'a0\cf3 \
\cf2 EN 21: Space needed between \'91cyffelyb,\'92 and page numbers.\cf3 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone EN 31: [Correct citation style] \'91\cf2 DIMEV 122, Digital Index of Middle English Verse, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dimev.net/record.php?recID=122%20"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://www.dimev.net/record.php?recID=122}} [accessed 29/6/2019]. See also, Frances McSparan and P. R. Robinson, ed., Facsimile of Cambridge University Library MS Ff. 2. 38 (London: Scolar Press, 1979).\'92
\f0\b \cf3 \
\
Elucidarium\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Para 4, line 3 \'96 standardise manuscript references, so reads: \'91Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Bodley 652\'92 and \'91Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Douce 270\'92\
Para 5, lines 3-4: \'91London, Lambeth Palace Library, MS 431\'92\'a0\
Para 5, line 4, insert space between comma and \'91the Latin text\'92\
Para 5, lines 9-10: \'91Abersytwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 12\'92\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul English Elucidarium\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 2 \'96 standardise manuscript reference, so reads \'91London, British Library, MS Cotton Vespasian D. xiv\'92\
Para 2, line 5: \'91Cambridge University Library, MS Ii.vi.26\'92\
Para 3, line 2: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 12\'92\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul Welsh Translation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 1, line 2: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 21\'92\
Para 1, line 3: \'91The most copied translation, the
\f2\i  Ystoria Lucidar
\f1\i0 , is\'92\'a0 [correct spacing and punctuation]\cf3 \
\cf2 Para 1, lines 4-5: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Llanstephan 27\'92\
Para 3, lines 4-5: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 15\'92\
Para 4, line 1: \'91Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MS Peniarth 190\'92\
\
Para 4, line 3: \'91as well as Aberystwyth, National Library of Wales, MSS Peniarth 32 (Llyfr Teg), Peniarth 19, and Llanstephan 4.\'92\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul DIGITAL RESOURCES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Add round brackets to date and publication details of Da Rold et al, 
\f2\i The production and Use of Middle English Manuscripts.\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 End Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 EN 41 \'96 \'91NLW MS. Peniarth 15\'92 should be in single inverted commas as title.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Cut Endnotes 20 and 21.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
Life of St Edward\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 In language overview \'96 \'91non-Insular\'92 [with capital I]\cf3 \
\cf2 Endnote 5 is in wrong font size.\cf3 \
\cf2 In a number of places spaces are missing \'96 in particular, towards the end of the paragraph beginning 'Independent of this group of texts...' and further down in the 'Old Norse versions' section ('The textshares', 'The transmission of Edward'sLife', etc.). Also in that section,\'a0
\f2\i Sigur\'f0arsonar\'a0
\f1\i0 should be one word.\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul ANGLO-NORMAN VERSIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2, lines 2-12. Add hyperlink to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digi.vatlib.it/view/MSS_Reg.lat.489"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \'91Rome, Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana, MS Reg. Lat. 489\'92}} [with corrected reference form]\
Para 2, line 3. Cut space between 
\f2\i Vita 
\f1\i0 and full stop.\
Para 2, line 5. Add hyperlink to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bl.uk/catalogues/illuminatedmanuscripts/record.asp?MSID=7165"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \'91London, British Library, MS Additional 70513\'92}} [with corrected reference form]\
Para 2, line 13. Add hyperlink to \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/btv1b9059827w.r=1416%201416?rk=21459;2"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Paris, Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, MS f. fr. 1416}}\'92 [with corrected reference form]\
Para 3, lines 4-5. Add hyperlink to \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bl.uk/manuscripts/FullDisplay.aspx?ref=Egerton_MS_745"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul London, British Library, MS Egerton 745}}\'92 [with corrected reference form]\
Para 4, lines 11-12. Add hyperlink to \'91{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cudl.lib.cam.ac.uk/view/MS-EE-00003-00059/11"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Cambridge, Cambridge University Library, MS Ee.3.59\'92}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul MIDDLE ENGLISH VERSIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Para 2, line 7: \'91Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Ashmole 43\'92\
Para 3, lines 1-2: \'91london, British Library, MS Cotton Julius D. IX\'92 and \'91Oxford, Bodleian Library, MS Bodley 779\'92\
Para 4, line 2: \'91London, British Library, MS Additional 35298\'92\
Para 4, line 6: Oxford, Trinity College, MS 11\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul EDITIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone The following entry should be moved to the 'editions' section under 'Middle English Verse Life' (and so that heading should be changed to 'Middle English Lives'):\
\
Hamer, Richard, and Vida Russell, eds.,\'a0
\f2\i \cf2 Supplementary Lives in Some Manuscripts of the Gilte Legende 
\f1\i0 \cf2 (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2000)\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul DIGITAL RESOURCES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \ulnone Handrit.is, National and University Library of Iceland (2009-2019), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://handrit/is./"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://handrit/is./}} [accessed 4/8/2019] \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Scase, Wendy, Manuscripts of the West Midlands :A Catalogue of Vernacular Manuscript Books\'a0of the English West Midlands, c. 1300 - c. 1475 (University of Birmingham, 2010)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 University of Waterloo, The Electronic Campsey Project, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://margot.u"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://margot.uwaterloo.ca/campsey/cmphome_e.html}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul DIGITISED MANUSCRIPTS\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Biblioth\'e8que nationale de France, BNF Gallica, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bnf.fr/fr"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.bnf.fr/fr}} [accessed 4/8/2019] \
British Library, Catalogue of Illuminated Manuscripts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bl.uk/catalogues/illuminatedmanuscripts/welcome.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://www.bl.uk/catalogues/illuminatedmanuscripts/welcome.html}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
University of Cambridge, Cambridge Digital Library, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cudl.lib.cam.ac.uk/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://cudl.lib.cam.ac.uk/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\
Vatican Library, DigitVatLib, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digi.vatlib.it/%20"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://digi.vatlib.it/}} [accessed 4/8/2019]\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul END NOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone \uc0\u8203 EN 12 [correct citation form]: \'91Delbert Russell, \'91The Campsey Collection of Old French Saints\'92 Lives\'92, Scriptorium 57 (2003), 51-83. See also The Electronic Campsey Project, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://margot.uwaterloo.ca/campsey/cmphome_e.html%20"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul http://margot.uwaterloo.ca/campsey/cmphome_e.html}} [accessed 8/8/2019]\'92\uc0\u8232 \u8232 EN 18 [correct citation form]: \'91For references see the online catalogue entry, see Cambridge University Digital Library, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cudl.lib.cam.ac.uk/view/MS-EE-00003-"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://cudl.lib.cam.ac.uk/view/MS-EE-00003-00059/11}} [accessed 8/8/2019]\'92\uc0\u8232 \u8232 EN 22 [correct citation form]: \'91For the online catalogue entry, see Cambridge University Digital Library, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dhi.ac.uk/mwm/browse?type=ms&id=97%20"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://www.dhi.ac.uk/mwm/browse?type=ms&id=97}} [accessed 8/8/2019]
\f0\b \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
DATABASE\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'91Fragment?\'92 column needs to be deleted from all entries.\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 \
PROPHECIES OF MERLIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Can entries for 
\f2\i La Prophetia Merlini
\f1\i0  be given in date order? \'96 so entries for LPM (c. 1301) and LPM (c. 1444-45) are given between the Anglo-Norman and later Continental French entries? Cambridge, Fitzwilliam Museum, MS 302 should be listed as the penultimate Anglo-Norman manuscript, before the Didot-Perceval. Continental French entries should follow.\
Entry for Didot-Perceval should be listed between Anglo-Norman and Continental French entries, and \cf2 language should read \'91Anglo-Norman or Continental French\'92\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 ASSUMPTION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Missing data from Assumption database (Welsh MSS) [attached \'96 missing material highlighted in yellow]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Correct date given for Llanstephan 27 to \'91c. 1400\'92.\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 LIFE OF ST EDWARD\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \'91MS. Reginensis Latinus', not 'Regius'.\cf3 \
\
}